hi my name's Jason Robards I'm from text
when t1 and this is d3 oh and you're
probably asking what what this Wallace
is all about well this is a
non-newtonian fabric and how a
non-newtonian fabric works is very soft
very soft but upon impact so if I was to
punch it it goes rock-hard now a good
way of demonstrating that is if I take
this and I put my finger around here and
I'd say the axe now if I go like this
I'm gonna chop the pinger off so I'm not
going to do that so if I hit now my
finger with a solid lump of steel and
break my finger but because of the d3o
it's absorbing and dissipating the
energy so this is the only fabric in the
world that actually really does absorb
and dissipate impact so what we do is d3
oh very clever guy called Richard Palmer
took this non-newtonian fabric and turn
it into a solid state fabric which is
now in this format so now if I hit this
this has the same impact properties as
this and what we do is we take the solid
state fabric and we now integrate it
into all of our mobile phone cases and
what that does is it offers real impact
protection so you can see here on the
orange you can just see the orange on
the inside of the case so now this OP is
really in protection
so when you hit your phone it's being
absorbed and dissipating just like this
soft bone impact it's going rock-hard so
we're the only case manufacturer in the
world that actually used a real impact
protection fabric on the inner core of
our products now you look at the other
competitors out there they're just using
PC which a lot of the time polycarb
cracks so when you drop it it's
absorbing and actually increasing the
energy onto the phone device so actually
causing it more damage so with the the D
trio engrained into the inner core it
absorbs and dissipates when you drop the
phone and we make them for not only just
iPhones but every mobile phone case
every mobile plant products out there
one of our partners is t-mobile in
America so be going to the t-mobile
stores you'll see our products listed
there as the premium products t-mobile D
trio integration
you